Only create template spans when a root span exists (#18)
appsignal/appsignal-elixir-phoenix: .changesets/only-create-template-spans-when-a-root-span-exists.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

> Currently, a root span is created when a template is rendered outside of an existing root span. This produces a span that doesn't have any context that has a unique span name.
> 
> This patch makes sure `Appsignal.View` doesn't create root spans anymore, skipping any template renders that can't be added to any existing trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't track Phoenix render template events without root spans. For live view a lot of template events were tracked as separate incidents, causing a lot noise on the incidents overview for an app. This patch makes sure `Appsignal.View` doesn't create root spans anymore, skipping any template renders that can't be added to any existing trace.
```
